Add PrometheusRule for metamonitoring setup (#2609)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Add `namespace` to smoke-test helm template to allow the job to be deployed within the same namespace as the rest of the deployment. #2515
* [ENHANCEMENT] Memberlist now uses DNS service-discovery by default. #2549 #2561
* [ENHANCEMENT] The Mimir configuration parameters `server.http_listen_port` and `server.grpc_listen_port` are now configurable in `mimir.structuredConfig`. #2561

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Add ability to manage PrometheusRule for meta monitoring with Prometheus operator from the Helm chart. #2134 #2609

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Add ability to manage PrometheusRule for metamonitoring with Prometheus operator from the Helm chart. #2134 #2609
```

* [ENHANCEMENT] Metamonitoring: If enabled and no URL is configured, then metamonitoring metrics will be sent to
  Mimir under the `metamonitoring` tenant; this enhancement does not apply to GEM. #3176

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Add ability to manage PrometheusRule for meta monitoring with Prometheus operator from the Helm chart. #2134 #2609

Author: let's mention that we now load mimir rules and alerts as well by default (if ServiceMonitor is enabled), and how to turn that off

  Mimir under the `metamonitoring` tenant; this enhancement does not apply to GEM. #3176
* [ENHANCEMENT] Improve default rollout strategies. Now distributor, overrides_exporter, querier, query_frontend, admin_api, gateway, and graphite components can be upgraded more quickly and also can be rolled out with a single replica without downtime. #3029
* [ENHANCEMENT] Metamonitoring: make scrape interval configurable. #2945

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Add ability to manage PrometheusRule for metamonitoring with Prometheus operator from the Helm chart. If `serviceMonitor` is enabled, rules standard to Mimir will be deployed. The accompanying alerts are disabled by default but can be created with `serviceMonitor.mimirAlerts` set to `true`. To disable the default rules, set `mimirRules` to `false`. #2134 #2609

Author: Update according to https://github.com/grafana/mimir/pull/2609#discussion_r1006611988 plz
